CNV-58007: RHEL 10 guest OS for 4.19 RN (#94156)
openshift/openshift-docs: virt/release_notes/virt-4-19-release-notes.adoc

//CNV-54747
* You can now choose to expand virtual machines (VMs) using instance types and preferences. For more information, see link:https://access.redhat.com/solutions/7107803[Using InstancetypeReferencePolicy to expand VirtualMachines] in the Red Hat Customer Portal.
//CNV-58007

> * Red Hat Enterprise Linux 10 is added as a certified guest operating system. For a complete list of supported guest operating systems, see link:https://access.redhat.com/articles/4234591[Certified Guest Operating Systems in OpenShift Virtualization].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* {op-system-base-full} 10 is added as a certified guest operating system. For a complete list of supported guest operating systems, see link:https://access.redhat.com/articles/4234591[Certified Guest Operating Systems in OpenShift Virtualization].
```
